Appl yesterday the company not the fruit
Apple released a new crop of emojis
yesterday that are meant to be more
inclusive and diverse for instance the
popular couple holding hands emoji can
now be customized with any combination
of genders and skin tones but they will
continue to look surprised for no reason
this is a new one this is a man who's
secretly watching porn at Starbucks and
this is the most important there are
eight new food emojis including falafel
garlic and onions which now even our
phones need breath mints because and
this makes me mad because once again
they didn't include an emoji that I'm
very passionate about for a year now
I've been lobbying for the creation of a
meatball emoji Lacher
I even met with an official from the
unicode emoji subcommittee which is a
body that helps to decide this kind of
thing to try to explain why a meatball
emoji is so long overdue recently we
passed the falafel emoji
how did falafel make it in a head of
meatball I think part of this the sense
was there certain regions of the world
that are underrepresented but they all
have meatballs I don't know that oh well
luckily I do in China the meatball is
called juanzi in greece kev Teddy's in
Mexico
I'll bandy Gus mm-hmm 93% of the people
of the world love both emojis and
meatballs I mean including the
vegetarians yep
so that was in December of last year and
you know what's happened since in
December of last year
nothing a giant donut emoji of nothing
there are dozens of new emojis not one
of them as a meatball and they claim one
of the reasons why there's no meatball
is because they just came out with this
falafel they say they're worried that
the meatball emoji might look too
similar to the falafel emoji and that to
me is it's offensive it really is this
this is one of the falafel emojis out
there it looks nothing like a meatball
in fact it doesn't even look like a
falafel I honestly I don't know what
that looks like I have a hard time
believing that anyone would even guess
this is a falafel so I don't know what
they're worried about
we even did an experiment we sent
Guillermo to a restaurant called Joe's
falafel to see if people at the falafel
place would recognize this little brown
blob as a falafel hi it's me Guillermo
the meatball
I'm hearing Joe's falafel and I gotta
ask people what the hell is this
follow me
I'm gonna show you pictures of emojis
okay you got it Tom what they are okay
what is this
it's dumpling an onion that's a bacon
Kiwi like the actual thing or the dirty
know that actually think Oh cherries
okay what is this a mango are you work
here right yes okay keep guessing
doughnut rotten Easter eggs let a pro
cat concentrate you got this
I don't know what is this you coconut
pineapple coconut um me though it's not
an avocado mm-hmm
you tell me bread lychee oats pop rocks
I don't know potato baked potato oh you
got it oh well as you can see no one I
chose falafel was able to identify that
emoji falafel and yet we still don't
have a mochi meatball damn this reporter
opinion something much changed something
must be done but until then we will
fight and we will never stop fighting
until we get the meatball emoji with the
server Jimmy back to you
brave and thorough report and I on
behalf of the world we demand the
meatball emoji if I have to get arrested
like Jane Fonda to get it I will we're
going to prison gear I'm awesome I will
get your things yes
dammit you better give us a meatball
emoji or well nothing's gonna happen but
we want one hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape